Here you, here you, oh yes, oh yes, hey nani nani, welcome to Harmontown everybody, how are you tonight?
As cop-troller of Harmontown, I Jeff Davis officially declare this session of Harmontown to be in session
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon
Thank you, thank you, you're a good crowd, you're a good crowd, I don't say that every week, because they aren't always good crowd
No no, I won't get away with that lie anymore because we're on the internet now
I am notoriously bad at opening shows, case in point, what I just did, what was that, but I want you to think of it as more of an evolution of performance on stage
The almighty mudskipper for instance, the link between fish and breathing reptile, well not a graceful entrance, but perhaps one of the most important things that ever happened
A floundering, slimy, sweaty, gross thing, gasping for air in mud, think about it, next time you're about to judge somebody
So this show is flopping its way onto the shore of entertainment
Here's another awkward transition to a greater world, maybe you heard of him, Jesus Christ
Don't you feel a little bad about how you welcomed him? So I ask you again, are you having a good time tonight?
I'm kidding, sorry, I don't even remember those people that leverages people emotionally, I didn't mean to do that
The theme of tonight is confession, if we're going to found a new colony as we will one day, I promise
Let's talk about the Mars developments later, Jeff has a theory that I think is very important for him to confess
We'll get to this
Or we won't, because we're both drunk and that segues me into what I think is the more important theme
But I'll just say to you later, if the show is dragging later, as opposed to now
This rocket ship that we're on right now
We see this look on our face that you may have sometimes seen where we're like, hey, hi, Jim Henson, why?
Feel free to shout out Mars, and we'll get Jeff started on his obsessive theories about what's happening there right now
I can stand by everything I think
But I want to start with the theme of confession, partly because our surprise guest tonight
I think he's a good way to start things out and I want to get him out of here because he's doing us a favor
I don't have a lot of guests anymore, I went on our following guests podcast live in San Francisco
Months and months and months ago during the comedy festival in San Francisco
And they had some preamble to their podcast, there's four guys that host it, or maybe there was only two
I don't know, I walked in pretty drunk
And they all did stand up
Why were you that drunk? You knew that you were at a comedy festival, you're a professional
Why did you show up that drunk?
The show was on at eight and you just started drinking at two or what?
I think it was on at, let's say it was on at nine and I got there at eight thirty, but then I wasn't on until midnight
That was part of my whole shtick
If you listen to the thing I come out and I'm like, you kept me waiting back there and I was doing a bit
My bag of tricks is like I go, I'm angry, it's a dumb bit, I just fall back on it
My dad hit me too much, I think it's funny to come out and go like, I was waiting backstage forever
And then I started making fun of them for doing stand up, which precipitated me making fun of stand up in general
Which resulted in me over and over and over again, for those of you who are alcoholics
You know the first thing that goes out the window is your sense of overkill and timing
You become a six year old child who's just like, well this is funny, and if they stop laughing I'll just wait for them to remember how funny it is
It's called Harmontown
I kept doing this joke over and over and over again where I was just doing a joke about jokes
I was pretending to be a stand up and going, well black people are on a podcast like this, and white people are on a podcast like that
And that reaction happened, the silence
When I was growing up it was a big deal, you know, you point out the differences between black people and white people
It was very celebrated, very funny
And I picked the wrong decade to lampoon that
And I picked the wrong substance to lampoon it out, for all I know
But most of this is a blur to me
The important thing about tonight's story before I bring them up, this is how I want to introduce him
Because I barely know this guy, I was on his podcast once, I've met him twice
He was here last week because he was finishing a podcast upstairs here at Meltdown with John Crickfalussi
And I happened to bump into him
I haven't seen you since I ruined your podcast, why haven't you aired it?
And I expected the answer to be, well because you're a big sloppy drunk shithead and you fucked up the whole thing and it's unarable
Which I would accept, but I would also be like, fuck you you prude
If that was his answer
His answer was, well, you know, by the time we started being ready to release it, that Chevy Chase thing happened
And then that happened and we waited for that to cool out
And then, like, you got fired and there was no point in time where I felt like, ah
We're doing this guy a big favor by airing this episode
But he said that, I was like, wow, you're a good guy
Would you come up tonight? You want to be a guest thing?
And I was like, dude, I know you have dinner plans
He's like, maybe next week, and he showed up tonight
He showed up in the green room and I said, how quick can we get you out of here?
He said, as quick as possible, and I've already betrayed him
But I wanted to make sure my introduction was fitting
Because I want you to know, because I don't know that much about him
I only know that about him, which I think is a lot
He's a gentleman in a world without gentlemen
I don't know what we're going to do with him
Let's just talk to him, maybe tee off the theme of confession
Ladies and gentlemen, Doug Benson
What?
Wow, sorry, what? I didn't know who it was
I just presumed
Please welcome to what is basically his own stage, Chris Hardwick
Come on, come on
Hey, hello Dan Harmon
Pussy fever, got pussy fever
Oh my god, thank god
Pussy fever, I don't want the cure
It's sad now
That's a thing from community, and it's so sad now
You should drop the song down into a minor key, so it's sad
Pussy fever
When you research St. Patty's Day and you find out that the colours are moose
People got slaughtered
You dig deep in any holiday and you find out some guy got hung upside down and eviscerated
Now pussy fever is like the book Hot Zone
Where it's just like, everyone sits down
I don't know what that means
That was the monkey book
That was a brave confession
See, we're confessing tonight
That's good
That was a nice long intro
Yes, the truth of the matter was
I was worried that, because you were making fun of stand up
Which I know as a comedian
And the audience was way on board with you at first
And then, there's a point
Until I tried to introduce them to what I call the rule of 18s
The rule of 18s, which is 1 through 9, really funny
10 through 15
Wow, and then 16, 17, 18, even more hilarious
Andy Kaufman is reborn
This is a picture I took of you on stage
It's a picture of me, I look like a frog
It looks like Dan's drunk on the stage
Basically, it looks like a toddler photograph from a Sears portrait studio
Because I was learning to walk
And this is where you were like, grinding
I was humping the stage
You were grinding your junk into the stage going, bag people do this
And white people do this
And there was no subject
And so, at a certain point, a couple of people were like, hey
And I just didn't, it was not at all about race
Nothing you were doing was actually about race
But I just didn't, when the Chevy thing broke
I didn't want it to be another TMZ or someone goes
And look at this offensive thing he's doing over there
This guy is full of stuff
I had become Charlie Sheen for a most exhilarating three weeks of my life
I was Charlie Sheen, on a very minor scale
And if people don't get weird
I just didn't want people to make it about something that it was never about
It was about you making fun of us
Because he came out, you didn't go on a midnight
But it wasn't early
So, okay, maybe we have some contention here
I think I was waiting back there long enough to drink two bottles of Grey Goose
That's how I measure time
I don't know
So we, you know, we did stand up up top of the show
And then you came out
And I love that you were making fun of us
And you were making fun of standard
It was such a great dynamic on the show
But we always want people to feel like, you know, fun
And celebrated and positive and supportive
But I'm also safe
And safe
And you just didn't want, you know, I just didn't want the wrong person
To take something that they read in a headline out of context and say
Oh, that Dan Harmon did this
And he's like, no, you weren't there
He wasn't about that at all
And so that's all
It was just sort of like
That's what my story is
It doesn't even matter if you're right or wrong
The fact that that's the diamond loop you have in your eye
When you're looking at anything
Makes you one of the last true gentlemen in a horrible wasteland
Really, we're all eating each other
I mean, I would like to think I would also, the thought
That thought would also cross my mind
I don't know
But I was like, I was just astounded
It was like, I did not expect to hear that coming out of your mouth
I really don't know you
And for you to extend me that courtesy
I expected to see a guy ride by on a giant bicycle
I felt like we were in an era where you put your pinky out when you drank
And you put a cape over the thing
It seemed like second nature to you
You had enough problems going on back then
Yeah, I just didn't want to end that
But the truth of the matter is the audio on live shows is very, very difficult
We do get a lot of complaints on that
Because we set, you know, four mics are set on the table
And people lean back, people lean forward
You know, the audience's mics separately
And audio levels on live shows are just very hard to normalize
So that was actually the other issue
So it really was a couple of things
But it was a really fun show and I'm glad that you did it
And we'll have you back on
Also, racism levels are hard to normalize too
I don't know
It's also hard on a podcast to really get the sensation of a white man humping a stage
Supposedly lampooning something while inventing a new art form himself
Well, yeah, I mean, I think people here know, but it's a classic
It's sort of a classic stand-up
You know, when you're making fun of stand-up comedy
You say things like, men and women are like this
And San Francisco and New York are like this
And flying is like this
And black people do this
The Simpsons have the classic, you know
Black people drive a car like this
Dude, dude, dude, you know, white people are like
And classic is the important word
I was doing it 20 years after everyone already got the joke
Yeah, yeah, yeah
It's that one Simpsons episode where Homer's on the couch and he's watching
And he's like, it's true, we're so lame or whatever
And it's like, and they made, you know, like they
So that is a classic stand-up, making fun of stand-up joke
But I just didn't want people to misconstrue what it was actually about
Well, I thought it was amazing
My philosophy is, I got drunk, went on your show
And said stuff into a recorder
Also, I'm currently famous for playing a guy's voicemail into a thing
I don't think you can go ahead, let it loose
My deals are closed with CBS and Fox
My favorite part about how druggy was that came out
You were like, you would talk for a second
And you were like, yeah, you know, Heat Vision and Jack would
I am so drunk and it is your fault
It is your motherfucking fault that I am this drunk
I've been backstage for five hours
It wasn't really five hours, but it must have felt like it
But I do have to apologize, we should not have all done stand-up
Before you came out, we should have just brought you out
Well, you shouldn't have met Myra Headline
I just said that to get a laugh and it didn't get enough of it
No, are we going to get a confession out of Chris?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what it was about
I said to you backstage, because here's the other thing about Chris
I don't know how public it is and how much it is
But I know that my girlfriend, after I did this, after I did this debacle
It was after that that my girlfriend, Erin, who came to San Francisco
With me and watched this whole thing
She was like, you know, part of that might have been a little bit of this
You know, Chris is sober, he used to drink
Now he doesn't anymore
And people that used to drink and now don't anymore
Like a good 85% of them are pretty uncomfortable around people
No, no, no, it's a good reminder that I made the right choice
Yeah, that's how I'd think of it
That's how I'd assume
No, no, no, I don't care
I've been sober for nine years
I don't even remember
I have flashes of like, oh yeah, I used to be that
I've now ponded off on, I had this fat brother named Peter
And he used to fuck shit up
I don't even take responsibility for it anymore
But I thought, because tonight's theme is confessions
We're having to come up
And I'm confessing that I ruined your podcast
And I did it because I'm an alcoholic asshole
No, no, no, it wasn't
And you're a great stand-up guy
No, no
I was wondering if you, in the green room I said
Like, maybe in classic sober fashion
Maybe you have a confession
A couple drunken, I can give you a couple drunk confessions
One is sort of a cool story, bro
Because it doesn't really go anywhere
But in 2001, I went to London and I was visiting
I just went to London for a couple weeks
Because you can literally drink everywhere in London
Like, you can drink in museums
You can drink in zoos
Like, everywhere, it just has alcohol
And they think it's adorable and charming
And so when I started to know I had a problem
I was like, wow, I really fit in here
Like, I knew I had a problem
And because I was just all about it all the time
And Zach Alfenakis was out there shooting a submarine movie
Called Below
And so I stayed with him for a couple days
And we went out one night
And he was with these, the other actors in the movie
Were these like pretty schmancy British actor types
And so we went to all these underground British clubs
And I got really fucking drunk
And at about 3 a.m. somewhere in London
I tried to hit on Bjork
Alright
Got it
That headline works in tabloid format
With an exclamation point
I tried to hit on Bjork
Can you, what was your first move?
My first move was staring at her for an hour and a half
Right?
That's actually good
Because she's fascinated by fire hydrants
She is
She probably mythologized you
Yes, whenever she speaks this weird subtitle
With a brush script font appears
And so, you know, I was basically just like this
I must have felt like it was like 10 minutes
But it really was like an hour and a half
And so Zach and all these other, all of his
Schmancy British actor friends were like
Yeah, cause it's alright if we go
And I'm like, no man, I'm only going to make my move
I'm going to hit on Bjork
And she was talking to some other people
And then finally
They were ready to leave
And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do it
And so I walk up to her
And I tap her on the shoulder
And she turns around like this
You know, just looking all Bjorky
And I'm like
Like I take the breath in
To go to ask her a question
And she sees me
And immediately just turns around
And scampers up
She may have disappeared
In a pile of dust
Or been swallowed by the earth
I'm not 100% sure
She's from Iceland
She knows when she's getting a puke done
She's turned into a pile of fire salts
And I don't know what happened
So you never even had a conversation with her
And it was such a failure
And then she immediately started talking
To some other guy
So I have to walk with all these people
Who I'd been making wait forever
For this utter moment of failure
And we end up going back and hanging out
And I was sitting on the bed
And Zack videotaped me
Being really bummed that I totally
Struck out with Bjork
And I'm like
Are you saying her by name?
Yeah, I'm saying her by name
And I'm like Bjork
And then she
I think I said like
And then this other guy showed up
He totally cock-bjorked me
Which I really said that
But I was genuinely bummed
That in my drunken state of mind
That I had this moment
That it was a total failure
Like I would have had any chance
Well this brings to mind
This is something that I constantly want to ask
And I have probably the coolest sober person
I've ever talked to
In my life up here
So this is a perfect time to ask this
I hear that story
Perfect example
I go
So why aren't you still drinking?
What's wrong with that?
You gotta give
You gotta fucking get back on the Bjork saddle
And fucking
Well I mean
There's other Bjorks
I talked to other people
And they go
Like yeah I woke up in a puddle of blood
And I kept doing that
Third time I did it
Yeah you gotta stop waking up
In puddles of blood
Well no
You get a dark one
Don't think of it as a comedy show
Give us a second one
And then I'll let you go to dinner with the
With Bjork
A dark one
You know it wasn't
It wasn't just that there was like
It wasn't any specifically
That any one thing happened
It's just when I look back
At what my life was like back then
I had been on MTV in the 90s
And there was this sort of unspoken curse
Like well if you're on MTV
Like that's it
You know
Like you probably won't do anything else after that
Cause a lot of people didn't
And the business was less forgiving
Back then for crossing over
Like if you were a VJ
If you're on MTV it was like
Yeah you know
Sort of like being what people consider
Like being an internet personality now
You know and someday that'll change
Or it's in the process of changing
And so I just
I was like chunky
And blotchy
And I wasn't working
And I think I just kind of looked at the
Sort of like here's the landscape of my life
I can keep doing this
Which would be fine
You know like I wasn't
I never had to go to the hospital
Well except for one time
I jumped over a wall
And like fucked up my foot
Like that was it
And I was also fat
And I had these leather pants
It was really embarrassing
I just never wear leather
No one
Were you fat and in leather pants
When you tried to pick up Bjork?
Yes I was as a matter of fact
And I think
Jeff put it together
And you know what
You know what
I think in my drunken mind
I'm like I'm just like Jim Morrison
You know like this fucking fat guy
With leather pants
One day some hot girls
Gonna blow me in an elevator
And that never happened
That never ever ever happened
And so I think I just
You know I just kind of
The truthfully like sincerely
I just could have got to a point
It wasn't anything specifically bad happened
But just a period of my life
Was just sort of like a dark ages
Where nothing really moved forward
And it just kind of kept getting
Worse and worse
And I just thought
You know right when I was about 30, 31
I was like you know
I can stay on this path
And that's fine
I'm not gonna
I don't black out drunk
But nothing else really substantial
Is probably really gonna happen in my life
But I also realized
Wow I have this crazy ability
To focus on something
Like I'm clearly addicted to alcohol
So you know what if I could refocus that
You know so like there was this idea
Of maybe I could take this demon that I had
And figure out how to spin it
In a way where I could use it
Instead of denying that I had it
So I did you know I go on
Okay
As Jeff goes to the vodka bucket
And so you know I did
And then when I quit
Then I realized like
Oh yeah I had all these problems
That I wasn't dealing with
And then you know
There was a little period where I
Where I had to you know fix the brain
Every conversation I had with people
Like the first question is
Are you an alcoholic
I immediately I can't say yes fast enough
The reason is because
I caught on to the game
If you say no you're an alcoholic
Right
Oh yeah some people will
Like oh you're in denial huh
You're like but you didn't even give me the
Yeah I just clicked the blue wire
Right away
I don't care if it blows up or
It diffuses the bomb but
I'm not gonna stand there and go
There you go
It sounds like an alcoholic to me
Because 85% of everyone is a dick
Yeah 85% of all drunks are dicks
And 85% of all sober people are dicks
And you meet less sober people
Than you meet drunks
So if you're drunk
And you meet a sober person
85% chance you're gonna have
A fucking bad time
Because you don't meet that many
And 85% of them are dicks
And a sober dick is somebody
Who gets as much identity
From being sober as a drunk
Gets out of being drunk
Like you met them when you were drunk
You met them when they were drunk
Like alcohol was their life
I'm a drunk
I love being drunk
Let's drink
And then they find Jesus
Or they get sober
And then it's like
I'm sober
Are you sober?
Young people talk like this
Sober people talk
But I never knew you were sober
I walked into your life
Pissed on your stage
Raped your dog
Did a shot of Fernette Bronca
Walked out
And then someone else told me
You know, he's sober
Oh, but I don't really
It never bothers me
Because I don't, you know
I'm definitely not someone
Who looks around everyone
And they're like
That person should probably
I have my problems
Other people have their own path
I just don't fucking
You know, like
That's just how it is for me
I just don't tell people
I don't judge people that way
Alright, how do you judge people?
Alright
Do you want to plug anything
Or you don't need to
You're King Kong
No, no, no, no, no
I'm just glad that you're doing
The show here
Weekly now
I mean, it's really fun
And I love
For anyone who's listening
About four people support that
But I love
For anyone who's listening
To this podcast
You should really know
Like Dan walks the line
When people are lining up
Get suggestions
Talks to people
Like there's a very
Communal thing
Are you enjoying your time here?
It must be nice
It's not therapy
It's nice, right?
I won't do therapy
I can't do it
What do you not like about therapy?
It's dumb people
Oh, shit
Holy shit
Mothra just flew on stage
Flying cockroach
Curt, it's a flying cockroach
A cockroach
The size of a hubcap
Just hit Dan in the chest
The hair stood in the back of my head
I thought somebody threw a frisbee in it
No, I thought
I thought a group of therapists
Got busted
I thought I was going to get
Fucking murdered by
The middle of the bell curve
A pherodactyl
I thought that people with the minimal
Requirements for degrees
Yeah
And judging people
You call a demographic
Stupid and a giant animal
Get infected
That's an argument for shamanism
If anything
Actually
I didn't say shamanism was bullshit
Whoever sent that moth up here
Dan, snake, snake
I like to think that that was
The drunk fairy
And
Dan, you tell him
But it's undoing
The thing is not dead
Can we kill it?
We crushed it
Someone crushed it
A hero in our audience
Step forward and slayed the dragon
Quickly, men
Holy shit
Quickly
The greatest adventure
Stretch me a toothpick
We must place its head on a spike
To warn its compatriots
Oh my god
Dude
You fucking destroyed
But I didn't even flesh
Just got up and just
Just dispatched it
Now
Emily's coming up with a napkin
Like
Like it's 50s radio
Now my question is
My question is
What if that was Bjork in fairy form
It was like
I have been summoned
To somebody
I've spoken my name
Three times
And then she shows up and then
Blam
She had her chance
Where you were fat and in leather
A real fairy would have seen
The prince that you were going to become
That's right, she didn't know
Let's thank Chris Hardwick
Thank you, everyone
Thank you, Dan Harmon
Thank you, Jeff Davis
Thank you, Chris
That was delightful
I can't think of a better
Closer
I didn't know
I don't know how to close
I warned him in the green room
I don't know how to do interviews
But please come up
Because I want to tell people
How cool you are
For all I know
He could be a rapist
I don't know
I don't know anything about him
I know two things about him
And they suggest that he's like
A knight in shining armor
He seems like a cool guy
Yeah, I see right through it
I won't listen to
No
You caught up
Immediately
You zeroed in
On the leather pants thing
You're like
What were you wearing?
Like
He's telling a story
I would guess that if
You're really drunk
And you're floating with Bjork
And you're at a low point in your life
You probably also are fat
And have leather pants on
It takes a Jeff to notice these things
We all just heard
It takes a Jeff
All we heard is that Bjork's a bitch
Anyways
No
No, he's cool
Also, real quickly
That Chris Hardwick section
Of Harmontown
Was brought to you by
Adidas
Nike
Yes
All of Harmontown
Is brought to you by
The top-of-the-line
Comfort-fitting
State-of-the-art shoe
Strap on the smooth comfort
And easy walkability of Adidas
You piece of shit at Nike
We're doing this for free
For Adidas until you pony up some money
Fuckin'
We're inverting the advertising paradigm
Nike
Pay us money
To make us stop telling you
Adidas is the most perfect shoe
You will ever wear in your fucking life
It's like putting your foot
Into a uterus of comfort
Who's working for who?
Pick up a phone, Nike
Your douchebags
Adidas isn't paying us a dime
We just decided to fucking love them
Nike
We're gonna strong arm Nike into it
It might cost a dollar
To make us stop advertising Adidas
Unless Puma gives us 10
Anybody can beat Greg Proups
And get Spotify or the good
Adam and Eve, Audible.com
Yon
What is this?
This feels terrible with Erin McGathy?
What are these bullshit?
It's new and noteworthy
But I don't see it in the top 10
I don't see it in the hard numbers
This feels terrible with Erin McGathy
It's new, it's noteworthy
What does that mean?
Our show is the Adidas of podcasts
Until further notice
You hear that, you Nike cocksuckers?
You're throwing money away
There's other techniques we could try next week
Nike, next week
We're gonna start coming at you from different angles
We're gonna start saying we like Nike
And we're gonna have pillowcases on our heads
We're gonna have swastikas on our foreheads
I would say as a podcast
Let's do something less visual
Yeah, you're right, you're right
Sorry
We're gonna say that was Nike's idea
We're gonna die broke thinking like that, man
Alright, alright, alright, alright, sorry
I've never been a Madison Avenue type
Confession
So Chris Hardwick was very, very gracious
to tell us about his former life
as a fun-loving drunkable
He confessed some things
I told us things that he was embarrassed about
I've been going through the stack of audience submissions
I pulled a few aside
There's some really dark ones in here
Do you wanna talk about
I only have, I'll read down a list of things that I had
on my list of things to talk about
Adidas
Right
Check
Confessions
Mustard Buttsalot
Nope
Yeah
That's a quickie
We were at the drawing room
and Dan was talking about
like people in high school that are
like if you have a silly name, right?
Like some people that
I was illustrating the point
that if you had a silly name
and this is one of those things
that we've talked in point
We've talked about this on the
in the show
so if any of you have been here
and don't feel cheated
now that we're podcasting
We're breaking out the chess box
Edit out point
If any of you wanted to just yell out
I hate Mexicans
You should have done it in there
Now it's on the record
I don't know what that means
I don't know why I'm so racist
Why are you so racist?
Why is everything about race?
You're fascinated by race
Because it was brought up
to not be racist
and I just think it's something
that people care about
You marvel at Mexicans
and Asians
and black people
Yeah, I think
because it's like
Okay, when you go bowling
Your job is to...
Oh, here we go
The reason I'm fascinated with race
I think
This is my defense of my fascination
with race and racism
When you go bowling
You never see black people...
No, I'm kidding
That's what you thought I was going to say, isn't it?
No, when you go bowling
There's pins down there
and the goal of bowling is
you take a ball and you roll it
The reason why it's a sport
and not just a thing that you do
is because of these gutters
The gutters represent this thing
It's like by default
what happens is your ball
rolls into the gutter
and you don't hit a single pin
So you have to thread this needle
with bowling
and with communication
and with culture and stuff
I said with our perception
of what race is
and what racism is
we're so obsessed with it
and I'm always fascinated by the gutter
I'm fascinated by the fact that
oh, if it goes too far to the left
it just goes in there
and that's the default response
And I don't know
Are we...
Is the guy that owns the bowling alley
the right guy?
Is the guy that's making all the money
off of us threading this needle
Is he laughing all the way to the bank?
And is that the right bank?
Where are you going with this?
If that's not interesting to you guys
you deserve Jeff Davis's Mars
I didn't bring it up
I will take the time to tell you
Who's the hero in that bowling story?
The person that's bowling
is just any person
any person at all
It's a human being
And what's the gutter?
The gutter represents the fact that
it represents the ball game
Rob Schrab has become a downright mutinous
I'm telling you something
I was going to say talk to me after this show
but don't
Talk to me before next week's show
Let's all go bowling
That sounds really wild
Or pledge $2,500 to the Anomalyza Kickstarter
and go drinking with me and Dino
and I'll tell you all about
the bowling metaphor
which I just landed on
I just made it up now
It's fucking perfect
I'm on to something
I'm going to write a book
and I'm not going to share with any of you
the profits
You're not going to get a free copy
You're not going to get anything
because you didn't support me
You backed a hooligan
and my friend
And also that was brought to you by Nike
My thoughts on racism
are brought to you by Nike
a shitty shoe
in a dark world
a crappy cynical
a fucking horrible world
It stinks
Some guy has a spray disinfectant
You put your foot in it
and I think there's a mouse in there
Nike
Bullshit
The guy that stepped on the Bjork ferry
Cockroach
Adidas
Just don't do it
Alright, now what is your beef with me and Mars?
We're talking about the curiosity
Let's do this quick
and believe me
I don't know
there's been some contention
that was erupted between you and me
but I want you to tell people
because I'm interested in you
I'm going to stop if I'm wrong
Jeff has become convinced
since his tour of the JPL facility at NASA
where he thinks
as in most of Jeff's stories
those of you who are hardcore Armenians
you know that when Jeff tells a story
there's a theme
Don't interrupt me
You're talking about me, why would I?
I'm going to make up a story
and try to fill it to the Jeff Davis template
of storytelling
Jeff goes to a laundromat
and he puts a shirt in the washing machine
and a beautiful Cuban woman
is like watching him
and she comes over and she asks him
why he's putting his shirt
in the washing machine in quite that way
and he explains
I don't know, I thought that the shirt
needed to be cleaned first
and she puts a hand on his arm and says
thank you
and then she takes him back
and introduces her family
and she just fucks him blue
Jeff has these stories
I don't think they're false
I think these things happen to Jeff
Jeff falls into these adventures
his personality is
they trust him
and they open up to him
and they want him to like them
and things
so Jeff went to the JPL facility
Jet Propulsion Lab
seems a little uninventive
for rocket scientists
invited by a friend to go to the
Jet Propulsion Laboratory
and it was a tour from a guy that works
and I won't get too specific about his job
I think that he was going to get in trouble
for saying too much
and you can see a little mock-up
of the Voyager probe and Cassini
and stuff like that
I like space travel stuff
and
we're going a little bit
behind the scenes
this is not on the regular tour
because I work on such and such a program
and we get to go see the rooms
where they're building
what is now called Curiosity
that I think last night successfully landed on Mars
and yeah
very cool
back then they called the Mars Science
Laboratory
another uncreated
these people are real Shakespeare's over there
and so we saw
it was just this big gigantic thing about the size of a Prius
and it's got a big
meaningful heavy backhoe
shovel on it and giant wheels
about like 10
to 12 inches across
this thing was mean, the rovers were the size of a coffee table
we're going back there with a purpose
like this big robust
like the previous one had little arms on it
we don't know if it's a bottle of wine so there's a corkscrew
we might have to kill a moth
so there's a little moth
we don't know what's going to happen
there's wheels on top and bottom
this thing was a bulldozer
this thing's going digging and analyzing
and it's very intense
and the people are very nervous
so now that thing that I got to see a little peek at
it's also very cool and very human
it made me so proud of humanity
looking on this titanium chassis
with these big wheels in the corner and this big shovel
with just a good old proper crescent wrench
just some dudes wrench
snap on tools
the Adidas of tools
you hear that Nike?
he had pieces of shit
cowards
so it was very cool
and so we're walking around the hallways
I'm talking to this guy, a scientist
and he works just about my age
and a little younger actually
I don't know about my age
he works and he flies spaceships
and stuff it's very cool and I said
were you there when the cameras turned on?
he doesn't fly spaceships
I don't want to get him in trouble
what? he gets in trouble if they tell him
what spaceship he flies?
was this Battlestar Galactica?
there's Cylons?
this is not an exaggeration
this is not yellow journalism here
I was walking through the thing
from Spirit
and Opportunity
you mean he controls spaceships?
yeah
he sends math
that flies probes and things around
I think he was like starbucks or something
he didn't sit in them
we fly them
we fly them remotely
these things
maybe one day they'll actually be people on Mars
because
of what I think was going on in this conversation
I said
when you were there
and when the cameras turned on
the first images were beamed back to Earth
and you didn't know if the thing was going to work
but you guys are all scientists
you guys watch sci-fi movies
you're clearly all
sci-fi enthusiasts
when that camera turned on
aren't you all holding hands and thinking
what if we saw a footprint
or a guy running by
or a snickers rapper
and he goes yeah
I'd be lying if I said that wasn't the case
so like
what did you see?
his eyebrows went up and he just kind of blushed a little bit
I go like did you see something cool?
he's like
he got kind of weird
and I go what did you see?
he shook his head no
did the throat cut thing and pointed at the ceiling
what's in the ceiling?
there's microphones
they're listening to us
I'm like what did you
fucking see?
and he's like stop it
can we go outside?
stop it
there's a little place next to the dumpster where they smoke cigarettes
there's no cameras
so anyways when the Martian dick
goes in your soup
it's like men in black
did you see a tree?
did you find diamonds?
what the fuck is going on up there?
and he was real bummed out
and he walked away from me and his face turned like plaid
he was so
he was like really bummed out and nervous about some shit
he's like I can lose my job
I can't talk about these missions
so he walked outside
and I'm like my friend Jerry
that took me and he's like dude what did you say to someone
so I'm like he was the guy
that blew it
and he's like yeah he's all bummed out
I want you to stop talking about that
so then
so then we go to this building
and we see this thing and they're building a giant Prius
with a huge backhoe shovel on it
like they're going fucking digging
they're going digging but I agree with that
you send up a little thing with a little brush on it
and then the next thing you said is a shovel
I do brush something
I don't think they found little people
I don't think they found
a subterranean colony
what race would they be? Martians
I'm sorry I'm obsessed with race
I don't mean to bore you assholes
I don't want to interrupt your fucking radio lab
but I think it's fucking
interesting that uh
anyways
you told me that you thought I was being conspiratorial
and overly imaginative
I don't think they found
I think there's ice under the surface
that they have to actually really dig for
because I think they found that
what they're going to find
is evidence of microbial life
or something like that
was some kind of life
maybe still exist or at least at one point did
because it wouldn't be life that as we know it
because the atmosphere is so low
it would be irradiated and stuff like that
I think they're going to go up there and maybe find
out that we're not the only
rocks spinning around
it's just as important to get that American flag on the moon
having an American
shuttle come back with a rock
and it has a little fossil of a little amoeba
that's basically going to look the same
as an earth amoeba
but it was on Mars 17 billion years ago
that's a big deal
it'll forever be, it's like hegemony
but it would be cool though if they went back
and we found out because we don't know what's up there
what if there was a little tiny underground people
like tiny underground people
and they see this giant
rocket, retro rocket thing
coming down at the size of the empire state building
as far as they are
what kind of thing would that be
like everything, you broke up with your girlfriend
it felt like Verizon's
trading on the Nasdaq
people are shooting people
left and right and everything's going
right and wrong and countries are like
China's dollars above the euro and all this stuff
and then they just dig a thing and there's little people
on Mars
just little dudes in line class
like Kevin Pollack and Willow
Mars! Hello!
I live on Mars!
Inside, have a cup of Martian juice!
and that's why the first
everything's just like, fuck it
like every guy
on every New York stoop
dropping a girl off after dinner
it's like, oh, can I have a kiss
and she's like, I don't know, I'm not committed
it's like, fuck it, life on Mars
like just everything changes
was it spirit or opportunity
when it broke down up there, I want to find out that it got Gulliver
traveled like that
they tied it down and they're like
what are these things and then like
we keep sending these robots up
and then we find diamonds
the reason we're going back there is they found a big book
a big diamond mine there
we're just going to send these little robot prospectors up there
and they're all going to be alone
they're all going to have beards after a while
everything turns into deadwood up there
because they found basically, what's the 8,000 pounds of diamonds
because it takes like
7 billion dollars to ship them back and forth
but in the end you make
1,100 bucks
and that's more money than NASA's made
ever
so everything becomes fucking deadwood up there
there's robot whorehouses and stuff like that
elsewhere
you cock sucker
I love that they grow beards automatically
the robots just have beards because
that's what you need to
one beard is insane like a Humpy Bogart
from Treasure of the Sierra Madre
alright, well this is the closest we've come to having
a thematic show on Confessions
there's just a random burst of technology
if you're listening at home
edit it yourself
we talked about Mars
but I want to have stuff like
people are so good
if you go down a line of people
I'm convinced and I'm not pandering
I think that Harmontown audiences
are the best audiences in the world
in the history of anything
for those of you listening
I'm not prompting them to say that
to do that
but I walked down the line
and I'm pushing the envelope of what we can ask of them
I said because we asked them
ask us questions about your job and all this stuff
this week I said
write down a confession
I'm going to try to
think of a confession just to get the ball rolling
Hardwick came up, he's very gracious
because
we need to be clear, we need to trust each other
I don't know if we've proven since we started podcasting that Harmontown has a safe place
for human beings
if you've done something that you're ashamed of
and you're sorry about it
maybe that should be
resolvable
I'm trying to think of something I'm really embarrassed about
Jeff and I were talking about
just lies that we told teachers
and stuff like that
we were pretty criminal minded kids
I was a really bad person
I think when you're up to age of 18
you're really a sociopath automatically
because everyone teaches you when you're young
because they're so scared of you
because when you're 18 the secret is
you can do whatever the fuck you want
you can beat anyone up
we draft them into our armies
when you're 18 that's when you're old enough
to hold a gun
and charge at another nation's
18 year olds
we are scared of 18 year olds
or we wouldn't use them to kill people
we found a place
to hide them
and because we're scared of them
very very clearly
you need to keep it cool brother
you need to
you're rewarded way too later if you learn how to act properly
and I do think that young people
not because
human beings are bad when they're younger
but because we put so much emphasis
on training
young people are sociopaths
because what they learn
for the first 18 years of their life
is that the reason not to do things
is that you'll get caught and you'll get in trouble
there's no emphasis
you have to kind of self learn
and I think only 15% of us do learn later
oh
I shouldn't do that because I'd be an asshole
most people spend
their lives going
I wish I could do that but I'd get caught
that's why we're fascinated with mafia
movies and serial killers
and stuff like that because we're like
what if I could you all have it within you
and hopefully we captured some
we want to hear the dark stuff
there's some dark ones in here
there's some goodies
I don't know that I could absolve you of it
but could a priest ever
could anybody ever
can you ever
a therapist ever
but also hearing it
anonymously
maybe you might save somebody else here tonight
let's hear a couple highlights
comment or not
but we can barrel through a bunch
all of you are in this room
I want to save that one because it's about race
I'm going to save that one
somebody writes
my first attempt at sex
was my first kiss
it didn't work because I didn't know female anatomy
and was just pushing my boner into her pubes
okay that's not a crime
that's called
every guy saying I thought
Chinese people were wearing lanterns
he didn't know
that's how I still do it
actually if you keep doing that long enough
it'll work
alright
that's basically how it works
I don't really like my sister
you're already absolved because
the fact that that's a confession
means you pretend you do
and that's your job as a brother
that's the best you can do
I ended a four year relationship
via email
the crowd
has spoken on that
I can't
this is why I didn't want to do questions
because I'm not good at answering
I'm not a life master
I would say don't try to give advice so much
just put yourself in their shoes
for instance
ran over the neighbor's cat
and didn't care, hate cats
alright
now we're getting deeper
that's amazing
we got some haymakers in here
that's a good confession because they don't bother
they're not expressing remorse
some of these you can go
you confessed it so you
solved
this person still hates cats
it feels bad
a serial killer saying put a rubber band around my nuts
I will kill again
and they do that
they go, castrate me
I'm begging you
that's tough
thank you
I wish I hadn't pushed
my cousin down the hill
in a dog crate
that just sounds like a story
and ended in a terrible mishap
you won't have the chance to do that again
you're fine
here's a goodie
pretty sure I have an STD
parenthesis
tame one
no symptoms
but haven't told my past partners
and probably won't tell my current one
how do you
alright well
yeah
in an email
should we stop and talk about that?
I don't know, we're not Dr. Drew
we didn't have
a guy ran over a cat
pretty sure I have an STD
a tame one
he means not AIDS
but he doesn't not mean
but he says no symptoms
he means herpes
if you have herpes you have symptoms
you know it
that's why one out of three people
in this room have herpes
is it because guys are dipshits
I'm saying it's a he only based on the handwriting
but that could be wrong
I feel like this is a guy
but guys don't show as much
symptomatically
so guys I'm just saying to you
if you're 19 years old and you're here
you come into Harmontown
it's just good advice, aside from this guy
I'm just saying herpes is like
it's a little bit of an epidemic
and it's partially because guys carry it around
and you need to get checked and stuff
that's all
how do you tell somebody
and she in the front row said
via email
this written
confession ends with a
frowny phase of motocon
so I think you're probably right about that
what do we say to that guy
first of all you do
you're going to tell your current partner
because every time you put your dick in her
you're putting a gun in her head
you have to take your medicine on that
the guy that ran over his cat
who's confessing that he doesn't give a fuck
about whether cats live or die
he probably has AIDS
he doesn't own
a veterinarian hospital
as a person
who's having sex with women constantly
you hate cats
and you own a veterinarian hospital
so you need to put a little sign on your thing
that says also may have herpes
you got to talk to the girl
she's got a shield
well here's a better solution
have her
give you handjobs until you get checked
I tried
I tried to make it easy for him
I don't know
that's a toughie man
you gotta fucking get checked
also herpes is hard to
let's just say he
actually I just injected herpes
I just assumed that
he didn't say herpes
if it's chlamydia
go to Planned Parenthood
take a pill it's gone
not that anyone was asking for advice
you were confessing stuff
my dick has a tick on it
what should I do with it
stop sticking it in people
you're not pretending
to give advice here necessarily
this is about getting things off our chest
when you go to a therapist
my parents hit me that's why I think
I'm a shitty writer
are you still hitting you
no I'm 39
I know I just have to ask
also we're also presuming
that people want to be anonymous about this
if I read one of yours
and you want to talk about it
herpe dick doesn't want to talk to anybody
what about this one
who writes I've never tasted my own cum
stand up
anybody
never tasted your own cum
Rob I know it's not you
it's not you
alright
they wrote it down
tastes like salt water
salt water
what do you mean what the hell
what do you think it tastes like
mine tastes like root beer
it smells like
paper mache
I feel like it tastes like salt water
I feel like this is dangerous
but I'm going to read it anyway
I regret being racist at the age of 5
after a black girl
ate my purple crayon
I had to be convinced by my mom
that quote not all black kids eat crayons
well I will say if you're why we're going
to mars to solve this
I will say if you're going to be racist
that's probably the best
stereotype keep it high
concept
they're just muppets
keep your purple crayons away from those people
these are adorable confessions
so far the cat and the driveway guy
and the herpy dick
or herpy titty
we don't know who this person was
I hate to
fan the flames
I one time told my Asian friend
to open her eyes
only to realize they were already open
I was like
is Andrew Dose Clay in the audience?
Bobby Slayton
if that really happened
then you were probably a kid
little kids are fascinated with each other's
differences in things
you touch each other's hair
you look at it and you go
why are your fingers different
it doesn't really register
on the level that we perceive
race is an artificial construct
people go oh you have freckles
you're taller than me
and what we call race
blends into that shit
until our parents get involved
and it's passed down from their parents
anyways
the obsession is trickling out
I'm 39 years old
I'm talking to a bunch of 25 year olds
you guys are already bored with me
being obsessed with race which is great
it's eroding away
I like it
if I walk into a playground
playing with each other it's different now
because some kids are different
some have different abilities
maybe you're better looking than others
maybe some get higher grades
why are you going around playgrounds looking for better looking kids
I'll tell you why
because I will fuck a kid
that's my confession
especially if he says
he'll do it again
they're just smooth
smooth
delicious
this is not a confession
maybe it is
when I was 12
I was on a highway to heaven episode
for those of you who don't know
thank you Rob
thank you for one person that's 40 in here
the TV show Michael Landon
where he played an angel and came down to earth
to solve people's little problems
he helped him out
without turning into the Hulk
less rope belts
let's flip over cars
but I played a kid that went to college
too young and was being
bossed around by my football playing roommate
who was using me to steal
computer like the answers
to tests and things like that
and so
I turned
32 or 3 maybe
at my computer
and somebody sends me a link to something
like hey check it out
and it's all these screen captures
of me when I was 12 on highway to heaven
but it's all the pictures of me with my shirt off
I'm like let's
I didn't put that together
wow it's all these pictures of me on this TV show
save that image
I look up at the URL at the top of the thing
and I'm like I'm going to erase all the information
of the JPEG
and the thing to find out what is this website
pedophile website
and it's
there's a link to blogs
it's all it's called forever 14
if I remember correctly
yeah guys check it out
search for Jeffrey Brian Davis
shirt off
forever 14 the home raisers
the pedophiles consider themselves
inyunganated
it's pictures of adult actors when they were young
so there's Corey Feldman
and Will Wheaton
and it's all these pictures of actors that were acting
when they were young and it's generally pictures
with them in a bathing suit
or with a shirt off or wet
it's raining out and the clothes are sticking to them
no matter how old these people get
we will bring them to you
in their prime
that's the forever 14 guarantee
fucking rough
and you know what Nike
if you don't fork over some money we're going to promote
forever14.com
and tell them Nike
center
put in discount code Nike
forever14.com
unless they give us some money
there's a link
to the forum part of it
which is like the conversations about it
and they had stopped in like
2002 or I don't know what it was
like 98
they stopped years before
right around your appearance on jump street
and your stubble came in
exactly yeah
past my prime
and there was conversations
like I think you could probably go to jail
for any of the things they were saying
because it's like hmm he's like the boy next door
I'd like to have him come over and mow my lawn
I'll teach him a thing or two
and I just felt this hand
I felt the sensation of someone walking up behind you
and putting a cold clammy hand on your shoulder
and I can't imagine what it's like
to be a woman no man possibly could
because it's too it's got because they have a hole
where their dick's supposed to be
I'm sorry I gotta take it easy
take it easy Nike
but like
women walking through a parking
structure at night
or getting in an elevator with guys
like that I felt for a moment
was like like oh like that's
like I just felt violated
by everything
at once and I felt very like
I felt very vulnerable and crazy
so it's just the worst
however little boys
hmm
I've never watched Community.
This one might be the most revealing and shocking confession of them all, in its simplicity.
I've heard a lot of people, but I feel worst about not feeling bad about any of it.
Well, yeah, that's your sociopath, right?
And you know that, and you're afraid of getting caught, and that's the only thing that drives you.
What's the most shameful thing you could say?
What's something that you would just be like?
I think it's closely related to that.
I think the most shameful thing I could say is how little I care about other people's lives.
I was in the bar tonight, and I saw that there was another fucking shooting, and I didn't know.
We made comments about it, and we talked politically and psychologically about it.
Dan and I met before the show, and it's that the shooting in the Sikh temple was at Wisconsin, was it?
Yeah, and it's just hot on the heels of that last asshole in the movie theater.
It was my first response, of course.
I'm from Wisconsin.
And then we're talking about media coverage.
We're talking about whether or not they should have given so much attention to the Joker guy.
It's just me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
I don't know what we're supposed to do, get off our bar stools and run out in the street and stop traffic like in a Spike Lee movie and say,
Wake up! Everyone stop! We're humans.
But I don't think that other people exist.
That is my most shameful confession.
I think that if you started to care that other people existed, you would get absorbed by them, and you would never be alive.
But in some way, does that qualify you or disqualify you as someone that creates characters and writes shows about people and for people?
Halfway through your question, I started thinking about myself.
Halfway through my question, I was thinking about little boys.
I don't know. I confess that in the hopes that we all go through that.
But I've known people like our friend Daniel Gillies, who's on Vampire Diaries, who before he was on Vampire Diaries,
heard about Katrina happening and jumped in his car and drove down to Katrina.
And commandeered a bulldozer because Red Cross wouldn't let him have one because you have to go through all this rigamarole to actually be in a vehicle and helping people out.
So he went to a neighborhood where nobody was helping, like one of the many neglected neighborhoods, and he just rented one?
I think he had to steal one because the government was like, you can't help people. You're not allowed to help.
Helping people is worth a dollar. You have to go over to the line and get a helping people pen.
Future Elijah from Vampire Diaries is this, oh, mate, I'm going to clean up this garbage man.
He's Australian or Kiwi.
It's not even his country, and he's like, fucking, people are drowning.
He's like, Jeff, just watching the TV, and I was like, I can't just sit at home and watch.
I'm like, I did. I could.
I was like, whoa, flipping back and forth.
What's Jerry Springer doing?
Yeah, that's my shameful confession is that I'm everything they want me to be.
I'm a fucking breastfeeding baby on this tube that comes into your living room.
That's one of those confessions, like the guy that confessed the cat thing.
There were a couple of those where the thing was like, the real crime was like, when you're really confessing it, it's like,
and I don't believe that the confession helps because otherwise I would have confessed it a long time ago.
A confession is something that you don't want to be true.
And we're primates, so if you hide it long enough, it goes away.
Cat shits on the carpet, dries, turns into crumbs, blows away in the wind.
Take your shitty underwear and put it in the garbage.
You never shit your pants.
We forgot.
You play with matches.
Mom doesn't catch you.
It never happened.
You murder somebody, and the body goes away.
You're not guilty.
So confession is over.
Here's the thing about confession.
No fucking resolution.
That's the thing.
Okay?
Maybe that's how we slipped.
I'm just stumbling into this.
I took World History in 10th grade.
The Catholic Church invented this concept of they would sell you absolution.
Like, they put a dollar value on it.
That would be my next step, as I would say.
Write it down on the slip of paper.
We'll read it out loud.
Tell it to me or me alone.
Give me a dollar.
Now it's done.
Now it's over.
Now you didn't do it.
Maybe that's not how confession works.
Maybe confession just needs to happen.
It just bubble it up.
It just becomes a froth.
Like a zit on your face.
Blackhead turns into a whitehead.
Maybe it stays painful.
Maybe it festers.
But maybe honesty stays the best policy.
We confess stuff that doesn't lead to us not having done stuff.
I'm still a shitty person.
I shared it with you, though.
It goes to the front of my brain.
I don't know.
So that's it.
So now we move on to...
Because this is important.
I'm making this commitment.
We've got the Harmontown.com website going up.
I'm going to put on the Harmontown.com
sometime between now and the next show.
I have to make sure that Jeff and I have rolled
first level Dungeons & Dragons characters.
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons characters.
I guess I have to specify first edition.
Well, okay.
Sorry, buddy.
Somebody cried out in pain.
Like a wolf trapped in a little...
The saddest confession of all.
Well, okay.
See, that already gets complicated.
I grew up on just AD&D with the old school stuff.
I don't know.
So is anybody here...
Is somebody here like a Dungeons & Dragons kind of aficionado?
Alright.
First hand to shoot up.
Are you willing to come up here for just a second?
Just to answer some questions.
Let's welcome him to the stage.
You all mean...
What is your name?
Spencer.
Spencer, everybody.
Alright, that's already a good...
I got to admit, AD&D is a bit before my time, but I...
I get it, I get it.
I've read the books.
They just haven't played it too much.
Well, that's why I called you up.
So what has happened since 89?
Like, I...
Well, uh...
9-11 happened.
Well, I didn't care.
I just...
How many...
What edition of Dungeons & Dragons are we on?
Um, I think there's like fourth edition right now.
Jesus Christ.
Is it better than third?
Has it been getting better?
Um, third edition's probably better.
Fourth edition's too easy.
Does that make anyone angry?
It's really done down.
Third edition's better than fourth?
Yeah, there's just...
Okay, I'm willing to take that as a quarrel.
Alright, yeah, I love it.
Thank you so much.
Alright.
Peace on my side.
Spencer, would you be willing to generate first-level characters for Jeff Davis and me?
Uh, so that...
And then we'll put them on the line.
So sometime, talk to...
Talk to us after the show.
Yeah, no problem.
So we will arrange you being able to upload them.
Have you been a Dungeon Master before?
Yeah, I was like...
Before I was coming here.
Hey, take it easy.
Take it easy.
He was...
We haven't started yet.
I'll cast a magic missile.
I don't even know what that is.
Awesome.
So you've done it before?
Yeah, no, I was just writing some stuff today actually.
Fucking yes.
Hey, don't give him the fucking job.
No, I'm saying...
I just need an audition.
Yeah.
You'll get an audition for sure.
But who better to start with?
We'll inaugurate this new segment.
We need characters.
What is the end game?
We're going to try to find somebody that we actually want.
We'll try out a handful of people.
Yeah, we'll play like 15-minute segments with them.
It's not that fair, but either is American Idol.
I mean, Radiohead wouldn't win American Idol.
You need to listen to a whole album before you realize they're worth it.
Then we'll start playing D&D.
Are you going to be Mitch Nightblade or whatever your name was?
I was close, wasn't I?
Spencer, if you could do us the honor of picking the race and class of the characters,
you don't have to name them.
We'll name them.
Rob Schraber's having a heart attack.
So then part of our show next week is maybe you'll present the characters next week?
I have no idea what's going on. I'm all for it.
I know I'm going to win.
Come to next week's Harmontown with your satchels and your dice.
I have a feeling there's a lot of Dungeon Masters out there in Los Angeles,
and I think all of them listen to this podcast.
Yes, we do.
I know all of them.
All right, well, thank you, Spencer, for...
Spencer, everyone.
I trust Spencer...
I trust Spencer to say third edition is the way to go.
I don't know, man.
When I was a kid, there were no editions.
My Dungeon Masters guide had melted wax on the inside cover
and just all kinds of notes and maps,
because everyone felt like you were this close to worshiping the devil.
It was punk rock. It was cool.
All you people care about is fucking inception. That's all you care about.
That's your Dungeons & Dragons.
Because if you think about it...
No, if you think about it, a troll could be a paladin.
That's mind-blowing.
A dream and a dream. That's a six-year-old could say that.
Oh, no.
We're running wailing.
I've never played Dungeons & Dragons.
We had one abortive attempt to try to play it as a doll,
and it failed miserably.
Who's the Dungeon Master? I'm the worst.
It didn't work. We didn't like it.
Also, I went out and played crappy pitch-and-putt golf with Matt Gorley yesterday,
and we invited you, but you were playing Minecraft,
which I also don't see the allure.
It's the best. I can't explain that now.
You're talking about another three-hour podcast.
Thank you, sir.
Minecraft.
1.31.
Was it Mitch Nightblade or something?
Jim Nightblade. I don't want to...
All right. We will see you next week.
We're going to get this settled.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
You guys have been tremendous.
Thank you for coming.
Do you get the people to thank?
I can find it.
Yeah, let's pull them up.
I should have had that up.
I can find it right now, the thank-yous.
Hold up.
Keep it down, Olivia Newton-John.
All right. Thanks once again, everybody.
We want to thank Katie Levine for audio recording.
Zac McKeever, our tech...
Emily Gordon, producing the live show.
Daniel Kramer, program director.
Dustin Marshall, podcast producer.
Mo Fatulbab, on-site director.
And Jenny Fine, our fantastic artist.
Thank you so much for coming to NerdMelt.
Also, thank you for listening out there in podcast land.
Go and prosper.
Thank you so much.